Okay, everyone, so we are just here to wrap up the dev room and we have a couple of last
sentence just to share with you first. Well, it was, yeah, awesome to have you here. And
sorry, folks. Join the conversation on the FOSDEM channel on Kotlin Slack. There is where
basically we announced the code for paper. We announced there will be a dev room. Also,
we do have some possibility to shape the dev room in a way that fits better the community.
Like we could do a two-day dev room or a half-day dev room or we could do like a half-in-person
and half-virtual or we could, I don't know, focus on certain topic. We try to react to
how the community responds. So this is the channel on Kotlin Slack. It's public. Everyone
can join. You can see the whole conversation there. Join it. And yeah, like we would love
to know, like, even if you have feedback in general for this dev room this year to share
with us, we will be more than happy to listen and we are all there. So you will find us
there. Yeah, some news on the licenses lottery? Yeah. Anything more? You asked. No, fine.
So we have three licenses to raffle. Two of them will go out to people who were nice enough
to tweet or contact us on Kotlin. And the last one will be raffled tonight at the meet-up.
And I think there is somewhere a link for the... Excellent. So sign up so we know how
many people to expect and then you, Nick, or Martin, will do the raffle. I'll be there.
So looking forward to have some beers with you there. That's it. I just want to say a
big thank you to Nico, who has been doing all the heavy lifting, like, for several months.
Actually, several years. He's the one who put Kotlin up for them. So thank you very much.
Thank you, folks, for coming. It was always awesome. Like, every time I say, like, I should
stop doing these. But then, like, I come to Fosden when I see so many people excited to
talk about Kotlin. Like, it gives me so much joy. So I can't give up. That's why. Thank
you again. And I really hope to see you in Fosden 2024. Thank you.